







Bridging Wall Street Assets into the Crypto Markets

















OpenEXA



Home
Margin
About
Team
Research
Contact


                                    Login
                                    











On-Chain Credit - anytime, anywhere
Line of credit and operational infrastructure for Wall Street.

                                            Get Started
                                            

Learn More
















                                            monetization_on
                                        
Freeze your Traditional Asset
Without changing your custodian, OpenEXA takes custody of your assets (stocks & bonds).




                                            show_chart
                                        
Get an On-Chain Line of Credit
OpenEXA issues a line of credit as a credit token (OXA) or collateral token (AUT).




                                            currency_exchange
                                        
Trade with your Credit Line
You can swap or trade OXA or AUT for stablecoins, any other crypto investment or loans.
















Why OpenEXA? 
 Collateralize your traditional assets in the crypto markets to exchange for credit tokens, enabling 24/7 trading with reduced fees and near-instant execution and settlement.



Efficiency
On-chain credit tokens offer efficient, low-cost transactions and enable lightning-fast trading of tokenized assets.

                                                Learn More
                                                



New Investment Opportunities
Access to crypto markets short duration, high return, on-chain Investment opportunities.

                                                Learn More
                                                





Only Pay for What You Use 
Extremely low transaction fees and interest charges on short-time intervals (minutes, not days or weeks).

                                                Learn More
                                                



Tax Efficiency
Our investment products are designed to be tax smart.

                                                Learn More
                                                











Effortlessly Swap Credit and Trade Collateral like a Pro (Trader).
Seamlessly Integrate a New Asset Class
Operational Infrastructure and On-Chain Credit for NextGen Wall Street.






Infrastructure

Crypto Onramp





Simplified Custody



Collateral Tokens (AUT)



Credit Tokens (OXA)



On-Chain Margin



Wallet Integration



OXA Liquidity Pools & Swaps



AUT Marketplace









Asset Class

Stocks, Bonds and Crypto





Compliance Reports



Portfolio Analytics



Performance Report



Risk Metrics



Relative Valuation 



Liquidity Position



End of day NAV



Tear Sheet Metrices









Asset Class

Crypto Specific Reports





Token or Point Positions



Compliance Reports



Balances Report



Margin Report



Relative Valuation



Liquidity Position



Intraday NAV




















What is an OXA margin account with credit tokens? 
OXA Margin Account extends a line of credit, increasing financial leverage by allowing investors to borrow stablecoins or cryptocurrencies using their real-world assets as collateral.







What is the Crypto World Onramp? 
Onramp into the crypto world is like being Online on the internet. Believing the last thirty years were defined by the online revolution, we see the next thirty as the era of Onramp. 







What is an Asset Unique Token (AUT)?
An AUT is a crypto-world representation of a traditional asset. It enables these assets to be used as collateral for crypto borrowing and traded 24/7 on Marketplace.







How Do You Make Money with Crypto World Investments?
OpenEXA acts as your advisor for maximizing returns by leveraging traditional assets and exploring crypto investments.







Increase Total Returns
On-Chain Margin Account
Leverage AUT as collateral to exchange for OXA - no need to buy Bitcoin or Ethereum. Liquidity Pools, Wallets and Exchanges can now take advantage of AUT and OXA availability to invest.
Learn More












"OpenEXA's crypto onramp will help us get our hands wet and the platform helps us find the needle in the haystack, providing an edge."
Monty Aw,
Head of AI Trading at G42, Ex F.I Quant Trader at JPMC & BoA.







"The margin part of OpenEXA is straightforward. It is the onramp infrastructure that I am really excited about."
Derek Chen,
FI Portfolio Manager at T.Row, Ex Goldman Sachs.










Know First, Act Faster!
Next Generation Wall St. now has access to short duration, high return, on-chain investment opportunities 24/7.











Built for Fund Managers on Wall Street
Work Smarter, not harder! Our Compliance and Reporting Infrastructure is built keeping fund managers in mind.














We help fund managers increase total portfolio returns by leveraging traditional assets in the crypto markets



Ready to get started?
Get in touch.


Get Started

















Home


On-chain Margin


About Us


Team


Contact Us




openexa.co


openexa.to


openexa.us


openexa.net




openexa.io


openexa.ai


openexa.org


openexa.info




1100 NE Campus Parkway, Suite 200 Seattle, WA 98105





Copyright © OpenEXA Inc. 2023

Privacy Policy
                                ·
                                Terms & Conditions












